fix(release): fixed tag creation step in release doc. (#2408)
falcosecurity/falco: RELEASE.md

- Move the [tasks not completed](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen) to a new minor milestone

### 3. Release branch

Assuming we are releasing a non-patch version (like: Falco 0.34.0), a new release branch needs to be created.  
Its naming will be `release/M.m.x`; for example: `release/0.34.x`.  
The same branch will then be used for any eventual cherry pick for patch releases.  

For patch releases, instead, the `release/M.m.x` branch should already be in place; no more steps are needed.  
Double check that any PR that should be part of the tag has been cherry-picked from master!

### 4. Release PR

> The release PR is meant to be made against the respective `release/M.m.x` branch, **then cherry-picked on master**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release PR is meant to be made against the respective `release/M.m.x` branch. The same changes will also need to be **ported to master** by cherry-picking the commits in another PR.
```

Author: Thank you Jason :heart:

    ```
    git pull

>     git checkout release/x.y.z

Author: Note, this assumes the existence of a release/x.y.z branch; this is something not mandatory right now per release document in Falco.
We might want to evaluate to follow the same approach that was taken on libs, ie forcing a `release/M.m.x` release branch naming (https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/pull/821), and then eventually cherry pick on the branch if more changes are needed.
We already got tags that point to a given commit hash (ie: the release one) anyway.

This would also help us cleanup protected branch on test-infra configs that rn are a bit of a mess: https://github.com/falcosecurity/test-infra/blob/master/config/config.yaml#L152

(it would become something like:
```
branches:
            master:
              protect: true
            "release/0.28.1":
              protect: true
            "release/0.32.2":
              protect: true
            "release/0.33.0":
              protect: true
            "release/0.33.1":
              protect: true
            "release/0.34.x":
              protect: true
             "release/0.35.x":
              protect: true
...
```

Reviewer 2: I totally agree to use the same branching strategy we are using in libs (ie. `release/M.m.x`).

### Libs repo
- Libs version is a git tag (`x.y.z`) and when building Falco the libs version is set via the `FALCOSECURITY_LIBS_VERSION` flag (see above).

> - Driver version itself is not directly tied to the Falco binary as opposed to the libs version being part of the source code used to compile Falco's userspace binary. This is because of the strict separation between userspace and kernel space artifacts, so things become a bit more interesting here. This is why the concept of a `Default driver` has been introduced to still implicitly declare the compatible driver versions. For example, if the default driver version is `2.0.0+driver`, Falco works with all driver versions >= 2.0.0 and < 3.0.0. This is a consequence of how the driver version is constructed starting from the `Driver API version` and `Driver Schema version`. Driver API and Schema versions are explained in the respective [libs driver doc](https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/blob/master/driver/README.VERSION.md) -> Falco's `driver-loader` will always fetch the default driver, therefore a Falco release is always "shipped" with the driver version corresponding to the default driver.

Author: NOTE for the future: we should properly state here that the modern bpf probe, while tied (ie: built within) libs userspace, is still managed as an external artifact wrt its versioning.
/cc @leogr @Andreagit97
